the center sct locate it
the presentation of italy
the renewed both
because he believes that he was operated and the anesthetist to have the illusion
that is stubborn has been a month and peak or complicates last month it
the new group as they are many illusion
as you know it does not know you with the commitment that this club
final are 85 years of history
if you want it to continue growing
as if the template
separately so you will not have easy
is one of the positive economic unknowns within
the French fighting
mclouth kept the jersey an adult
we propose that in just one year
we want to
somehow both like soccer today is a district foundation
history p
update our interlocutor the template
nature gob ar
no and cheapening avatar cheapen costs because none like this a club like
this one with a good pure 2000 inhabitants then
It is very complicated to stay on the crest of the wave
and we propose and are and in the end it is true that it is at a point we are
happy with the template that
but the names that lead a priori
point the team's sports project after other ways
regret
to your first with which to create employment
there is a sector especially invited
the dead
complicates a lot of dollars
the homeland others
the suspects is not like their own sun
reforms in clubs that
the pool
2 and institutional wounded or companies of
we know many innocents
wolves commit with them
sportingly let's try
70% less than this year we are very satisfied and your people buy for
do it but that
and the sports project of this club has to go in other directions
the goalkeeper Roberto Carlos
the table a draft goal of casquero and tobago carlos corroto cut two we are
raising
at a theoretical level realism and villa from the next month at the level
practical
in work a nice plan in the medium term
where two or three years from now, 4 postigues from the own quarry
area
working on this team and in this field
bronson brook
how is the club inside
liborio sanchez
acceptable ones to face it
if we are going to see the end
incited to took advantage of another fact that question for
for a way
They highlighted the quality of the work that the previous board of directors has done
yes it is true that
e that times are complicated for all
those economically the ashton spa area
it is a decline
At the level of detail of the company, I see it at the end, we, what
we suffer
the work details the joint work of all
no previous has been
brutal and has been so outstanding towers
the club left us in a very hard situation inside each one we can not
complain
but the archer
I think we've already talked
the little people of the field
It's a bit difficult to try to overcome
that problem because
Many of them have a good team. What it is all about is that the people see their team
as a visitor to solve that aspect that the last seasons has gone to
is a software Kosovo is a general phenomenon
Cape Town these actions
the cst new orchards and
supermarkets
the last one in second b caracas
we are other general soccer
percent and then soccer football down then it is the one that the
before some candela courses then the only option there was a single
offer that had
does not have a teacher offer either
like the younger people they have offers and good football is another
more therefore Swiss
the factors that have allowed
we in this sport project in parallel we are also going to
work with a social project
d efe
of approach d
e deep and unify
the teams make five the lower categories
to say that they are a single entity
but the practice
that there is illusion generates illusion so that the kids that exist both
junior teams cadets and can give her own a good third type are real
p then an approach that the parties assume start working
in this idea pop for to
so that the united nexus much much more economical morro with the public we
villages in the area
the beloved homeland
magazine to summarize it computation
she sent objective for this
objective
and a priori
but as the cards are up
I do not know if it's the first one the second one is not fighting to compete all the
present parties and that their objective at sport level the level the assets
be a competitive team
Little up the virtues he has had in this club
Team dt in the green
recover them
dispute two matches and pti this network star one tosco towers
category reservations
seven veneers to clean iberia which is central
my profession and the ones he explains are going to come
1 in his second point that
and recover it
has that situation that would be to make it
ac decade and a half
that both his family boat was even balmaseda and zalla
they were helpful the third
by the way or not at the end the city the logical life
in the contact circulation between companies of one color or another
and good from our point of view
we are glad that
the soul is spent
in category
e already only for the derbies that to see both here and lava place but without
a bit then post the soccer in that way
laura forms we are doing things and I have